doc: document default test-reporter change (#58302)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

  - v19.6.0
  - v18.15.0
changes:
  - version: v23.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54548

>     description: The default reporter is now `spec` unconditionally, even when not in a TTY.

Reviewer: IMO it would more informative to specify what was the previous default value, for folks trying to support multiple Node.js versions
```suggestion
    description: The default reporter on non-TTY stdout is changed from `tap` to
                 `spec`, aligning with TTY stdout.
```
